Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi
everyone. Today's Tuesday, March the
3rd, and this is the Moneyball Morning
Report. Charts by Trendpider, Gamma
Flows by Menthther Q. Let's first start
with the numbers for the E- mini S&P. We
have the call wall moved down to 6950.
The put wall has moved down. It is now
6600.
Value area high
6917.
Value area low 6855.
We just had a 600 lot short
flash through
sell order. Very interesting waiting
there. Um,
a little bizarre. I think that's a
support floor, but I don't know. Could
be something later. Might have been
might have been longsided very quickly.
This is right. Well, I mean the uh
Europe has opened just a little bit ago.
This 4:00 a.m. candlestick usually
pretty important. But let's get into the
ranges. What we are seeing is continued
downward flow. Lot of people buying into
the close yesterday. I did not get it.
But as you can see, 30 minute formation
collapsed after about
maybe an hour and a half. We had the
failed retest opening a short at 6871
using our framework of a dip below and
then the failure to recapture the first
30-inut formation.
This is yesterday's whoopsie. This is
yesterday's 30-inut formation at 6841.
We did see some unusual
price action events happening right at
that line.
in
the midnight hour. Um, a lot of volume
coming in. Of course, that's Asia and
the selling has just been fairly
relentless.
The bounces 6,800 to 68.40 would be what
we consider, but the selling is very
fierce. Notice, you see how the
stochastic RSI is pegged on the bottom
here. When it does that, this is very
trending. So, you really do not want to
put longs in that kind of place. You
really don't. RSI dribbles downward.
It's sitting fairly low, but it could
get a lot lower to be fair. And so, we
can see trend and momentum taking us to
the edges.
Um,
let's see if we took the range. Notice
this is value area high low. If we took
that box which I have here and
replicated it downward, we can see that
we've got price action that gives us
6750 and then 6736.
The Fibonacci gives us
as that next ledge. And so we we want to
watch this. We want to watch this pretty
significantly. Nothing telling us to
buy. All the bounces are sell zones,
right? We have downward trend. We have
steep momentum. All the bounces are
sells into lower edges. All right, let's
take a look at the NQ.
What are we staring down first? The big
numbers. The put the call wall, excuse
me. 25,200
the football 24,000
that's also moved down value area high
25,100
value area low 24,87.
Now what are we doing if we want to take
the value area high low in the recent
number of days and say okay that's the
zone I'm going to watch. You can see
we're right at the bottom of this one.
So traders could easily fight to
recapture the long end at this 24,477.
You want to be careful. It needs to give
us structure. And that structure looks
like I got to stop making lower lows. I
have to break a near-term high. And then
I have to pull back and make a higher
low. And that's what we're staring down.
I I see a lot of negative pressure. So I
certainly would not catch a falling
knife, but that is what they might do if
they are trying this edge. Let's take a
look at how tight that 30 minute opening
candlestick formation is. very tight,
but it collapses
and collapses at the 30-inut candles
from the low of the 30-minute candle 2
days ago is inside
the big range and last night's
candlestick actually is inside of that
30-inut candlestick. So, what am I
looking for? I really want to see if the
traders
can get above 24,600.
That is the opening range candlestick
from yesterday.
This zone really at 3:30. It's about the
same time as yesterday. Right here we
are 4:00 or thereabouts. We're closing
closing in on 5 and this is 3:30. So,
they're within an hour and a half of
each other. We'll see if they try to
bounce off of the zone. I would not be
surprised if they do. You want to catch
a falling knife there, you can. Just be
very careful and, you know, give
yourself 10 points of risk. Any more
than that, you really want to get out
because it could flush fairly
dramatically.
Okay, let's look at Bitcoin.
big numbers. First, take a look at
Bitcoin. The call wall for Bitcoin,
micro Bitcoin is 73,000.
The put wall is 69,000. And of course,
these guys are I got to tell you, I
don't even know how these guys do this.
They're they're sitting on the wrong
side with the put wall. We are well
inside of that range. Value area high
low.
High high is 68,500.
Value area low
65,600.
If you want to take that zone, some
people do
the entire value area. You can see how
messy the price action is. When you take
these big value areas, the number one
thing to do is watch for the 50% range.
That's very important. So, how would you
do that? Maybe you draw um
maybe you draw a um
trend line event that gives you that
halfway point. But that's very important
if you're using the value area high low
and you're looking for big plays and big
ranges. This thing is very rangebound,
right? As I mentioned, I got out of this
short
two weeks ago, it feels like.
And I said, "Hey, this thing's going to
chop around between 65 and 70,000 for a
while." And that's exactly what it's
doing. Now, could it hold
this region at 66,640?
It could.
The 30 minute opening range gives us
pretty close to that
this zone. So if you're into it, you
could give it a go. You could you could
give it a go. Um
yeah. So
let's see what else. Um
point of control 66,165.
markets are really running a lot.
They're running in tandem with Bitcoin
right now. I find that to be very
interesting.
But,
you know, it is what it is. We see price
action doing what it does. We just
follow along. Right now, this is in a
great big mosh pit, but if you're using
value area low and value area high,
particularly because we've got so many
days associated with that, you could
have yourself a pretty nice uh setup.
Whoops. Setup for the trade. All right,
let's take a look at oil.
So, oil has breached and oil is running
inverse to the market. Now, many years
ago, this is what we would see. We would
see if oil moved up the markets would
move down because there was a very
strong relationship because of the
inputs of energy. That relationship has
broken down over the years. But now it
seems to be heading right there. So oil
up, markets down, and we do know this is
geopolitical. Now let's
uh remove all of these rectangles.
And let's take a look. See this biodal
distribution. It's
here lots of volume and here it's
building volume a new area that simply
disregards this center spot. So that
seems pretty interesting to me. And if
we clone the actual value area,
let's see how this one works.
Clone it up.
once
and then clone it up twice.
Okay. So, what does that give us? You
know, our halfway. What do we have here?
Yeah, that is a strong gamma line, but
it's not one we want to look for. Let's
go with the numbers. The call wall 7750.
No, that's the max. That's the max move
that they're expecting today. 7750. The
call wall is way down here at 70. The
put wall is at 60. And so this is well
outside the range.
Uh that's broken down.
It just had an alert go off. So what
we're staring down now, of course, is
whether this holds. Now, it is my
suspicion that the better formations to
follow
come with the 30 minute high lows,
excuse me, for the opening range. The 30
minutes are really important. So, I
would expect selling to start here,
which is the topping formation. Do I
think selling is going to hold there? I
do not know.
But what I can see
what I can see is that it's beginning.
And so let's clone this
and
move it down.
And then let's clone it again and move
it up. Now, some folks are calling for
$140 for oil if the straight of form
gets closed. You know, I think the way
the straight got closed is it feels a
little bit like desperation on the part
of the Iranians. What they could have
done is simply
created a couple of skirmishes
and said,
"Oh my goodness sakes, hang on folks. I
just in these in the dome.
I've got a 600 lot sitting at 6760,
a 500 lot sitting at 6761,
an 800 lot at 6762,
a 400 lot at 6763,
and we just had an 800 lot go off at
6765.
Holy cow. That I have never seen that in
the middle of the night. Um well, it's
not the middle of the night, is it? It
just feels like it. So, uh cuz I haven't
been asleep. That being said, a lot of
price action early in the day, people
trying to put a line in the sand.
And uh looks like we're going to move
downward. in this rotation. But this is
a sort of place where
you might see
price action reverse
pretty sharply
if it does bottom. And that that's
excuse
feel like I swallowed a net.
[laughter]
So, the big fat round number of 6750
probably where we're headed. Probably
where we're headed. All right, let's
take a look at
let's go back here
and take a look at the upside pressure
events.
Value area low 6790. That's a downside
event to 6356.
And then the new area here is at 7530.
and then 7101.
Those are pretty important areas.
See if they come in. I really do not I I
don't have any idea what these guys are
going to do. I really do not. It's
uh it feels pretty bullish,
but it's also the top of the formation,
so they could game with us. I think
we're still in G2 because we're still in
roll. Okay. So,
big bounce off of 5250 in gold. So,
let's get the big numbers in the call
wall and the max area 5400.
The put wall,
wow,
4700.
Value area high 5367.
value area low 5178
big support zone 5250 we just bounced
off of that at the 4 a.m. And what is
trend however
right we've got negative trend
so what do we expect well here's the
thought the value area from excuse me
the opening 30 minute formation for gold
for yesterday should provide the first
region of frontline support that's 50
After that, we get to walk through this
morning's 30 minute high low. And that
looks like 5330 to 5360.
The trend fields
still very bearish. My thought is that
bounces should be sell zones in the near
term here. Deep dips of course are going
to be buys, but the rotation
appears to be some sort of
I don't know, maybe it's a flag. It
could run all the way up there into the
30 minute opening range high. In the
meantime, the market continues to fade
um with some bigger lots on the bottom
trying to hold price. Now we see another
400 lot at 6758.
So they are really taking advantage of
price action moving. Let's go to SPY.
Remarket spy is way down here at
uh 679 and the low of the prior day is
677.
I would not be surprised to see 676. The
put wall 675,
the call wall 695.
So it's moved in just a little bit. The
value area event keeps us pretty bogged
down. So pay attention to that. If it
breaks out of that range, watch for it
to extend into the resistance area at
689.
If value area low comes into play,
that's all the way up at 680. So
definitely want to watch out for that
dip action
really
fairly strong. The the traders are
uh selling every bounce at this
juncture. All right, I know a little
long-winded today. Just wanted to get
some stuff out there and I'll see you
all on the streams. Be careful. Watch
your size.